Revise documentation on how to access Glean Data (#619)
mozilla/data-docs: src/cookbooks/accessing_glean_data.md

# Accessing Glean Data in BigQuery

This document describes how to access Glean data using BigQuery, such as in [Redash](https://sql.telemetry.mozilla.org).

> This is intended for in-depth analysis: many simple questions can be more easily answered with either [GUD](../tools/interfaces.md#mozilla-growth--usage-dashboard-gud) or [GLAM](../tools/interfaces.md#glean-aggregated-metrics-dashboard-glam).

Reviewer: nit: passive voice

```suggestion
This is intended for in-depth analysis: [GUD](../tools/interfaces.md#mozilla-growth--usage-dashboard-gud) or [GLAM](../tools/interfaces.md#glean-aggregated-metrics-dashboard-glam) can answer many simple questions.
```

## Using the Glean Dictionary

The data that Glean applications generates maps cleanly to structures we create in
BigQuery: see the section on [Glean Data](../pipeline/glean_data.md) in the data pipeline
reference.

You can use the [Glean Dictionary](https://dictionary.protosaur.dev/) to access these mappings
when writing queries. For example, say you wanted to get a count of top sites as measured in
Firefox for Android. In this case you would:

- Go to the [Glean Dictionary](https://dictionary.protosaur.dev) home page.
- Navigate to the [Firefox for Android application](https://dictionary.protosaur.dev/apps/fenix)
- Under metrics, search for "top", select [`metrics.top_sites_count`](https://dictionary.protosaur.dev/apps/fenix/metrics/metrics_top_sites_count).
- Scroll down to the bottom. Under BigQuery, you should see an entry like: "In `org_mozilla_fenix.metrics` as `metrics.counter.metrics_top_sites_count`".

>   The former corresponds to the table name whilst the latter corresponds to the column name

Reviewer: nit: punctuation
```suggestion
  The former corresponds to the table name whilst the latter corresponds to the column name.
```

  You can select which channel you want to view information for and the table name will update accordingly.

## Writing a Query

With this information in hand, you can now proceed to writing a query. For example, to get the
average of this metric on the first of January, you could write something like this:

```sql
SELECT AVG(metrics.metrics.counter.metrics_top_sites_count)

> FROM org_mozilla_fenix.metrics

Reviewer: I'd actually recommend aliasing the table e.g. `org_mozilla_fenix.metrics t` because metrics.metrics.counter.[...]` is ugly. The following section could explain why the table name aliases the column name, and give the alternative of fully qualifying the column name.

Author: Makes sense. I updated this section to give both options, with the table alias as the first one.
